Add `Language.distill` (#12116)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/language.mdx

| `component_cfg` | Optional dictionary of keyword arguments for components, keyed by component names. Defaults to `None`. ~~Optional[Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]]~~ |
| **RETURNS**     | The updated `losses` dictionary. ~~Dict[str, float]~~                                                                                          |

> ## Language.distill {id="distill",tag="method",version="4"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Language.distill {id="distill",tag="method,experimental",version="4"}
```
To keep it in line with [this PR](https://github.com/explosion/spaCy/pull/12016/files).

| `sgd`           | An optimizer. Will be created via [`create_optimizer`](#create_optimizer) if not set. ~~Optional[Optimizer]~~                                                                               |
| `losses`        | Dictionary to update with the loss, keyed by pipeline component. ~~Optional[Dict[str, float]]~~                                                                                             |
| `component_cfg` | Optional dictionary of keyword arguments for components, keyed by component names. Defaults to `None`. ~~Optional[Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]]~~                                              |
| `exclude`       | Names of components that shouldn't be updated. Defaults to `[]`. ~~Iterable[str]~~                                                                                                          |
| `annotates`     | Names of components that should set annotations on the prediced examples after updating. Defaults to `[]`. ~~Iterable[str]~~                                                                |

> | `component_map` | Map student component names to teacher component names, only necessary when the names differ. Defaults to `None`. ~~Iterable[str]~~                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `component_map` | Map student component names to teacher component names, only necessary when the names differ. Defaults to `None`. ~~Optional[Dict[str, str]]~~                                                         |
```

Author: ✅
